# Changelog: (#48)
reactive-firewall/multicast: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

- [ ] Take the time to get things right. PRs almost always require additional improvements to meet the bar for quality. Be very strict about quality. This usually takes several commits on top of the original PR.

## Check the Tests

- [ ] Does it have tests? If not:

	- [ ] Comment on the PR "Can you please add tests for this code to `tests/test_blah.py`", or...
	- [ ] Write the tests yourself.

- [ ] Do the tests pass for all of the following? If not, write a note in the PR, or fix them yourself.

	- [ ] Python 3.8 - Mac
	- [ ] Python 3.8 - Linux (OPTIONAL)
	- [ ] Python 3.9 - Linux
	- [ ] Python 3.9 (or Newer) - Mac
	- [ ] Python 3.10 - Linux
	- [ ] Python any - Windows (OPTIONAL)

## Check the Docs

- [ ] Does it have docs? If not:

	- [ ] Comment on the PR "Can you please add docs for this feature to the wiki", or...
	- [ ] Write the docs yourself.

- [ ] If any new functions/classes are added, do they contain docstrings?

## Credit the Authors

- [ ] Add name and URL to `README.md` for security fixes.
- [ ] Thank them for their hard work.

## Check the copyright year:

- [ ] reads:

> > Copyright (c) 2017-2022, Author

Author: This should read 2023 as of 2023
```suggestion
> Copyright (c) 2017-2023, Author
```

## Close Issues

- [ ] Merge the PR branch. This will close the PR's issue.
- [ ] Close any duplicate or related issues that can now be closed. Write thoughtful comments explaining how the issues were resolved.

## Release (optional)

- [ ] Decide whether the changes in master make sense as a major, minor, or patch release.
- [ ] Look at the clock. If you're tired, release later when you have time to deal with release problems.

> - [ ] Then follow all the steps in [EXAMPLE Release Checklist](https://github.com/reactive-firewall/Pocket-PiAP/issues/87) FIXME!

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Then follow all the steps in [EXAMPLE Release Checklist](https://github.com/reactive-firewall/multicast/issues/????)
```
